Did you see it?
This is my first play from last night
He really gave himself to a waiter
bastard
Bastard
We worked hard to train you
You are so arrogant
Are you worthy of the Li family?
Who am I giving myself to?
I have my freedom
What have I embarrassed people?
Are you living for yourself?
In your heart, you want to live for the Li family
Forget it, someone else picked it up the first time.
No. That's all.
I'm leaving first
Xiao Du Xiao Du
Don't go
They said they would take the troops and hand them over. Do you want a bag?
Li Zai, let others sleep for 0 military engagements
He still wants me to marry her
Hey boy
Sir, please think about it again.
Forget it, I won't pick up broken shoes
Good job you did
Yeah, we worked so hard to raise you
How could you do this to us?
You raised me
Just to sacrifice me
What are you talking about?
Is marrying you into a wealthy family sacrificing you?
I don't envy any powerful people
You envy your own home
Qingfeng has seen Zhan Shuai
Did you find out what happened to the Lin family?
What did you find?